Add code review schedule to CONTRIBUTING.md (#31)
hexatomic/hexatomic: CONTRIBUTING.md

    - If your contribution is new functionality, create it against `hexatomic:develop`.
    - If your contribution is a bug fix, create it against `hexatomic:master`.

### Code review schedules

> We have regular time slots when the maintainers perform code reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We perform reviews of all changes to Hexatomic, be they in code, documentation, configuration, etc.
We have therefore set up regular time slots, in which maintainers perform (code) reviews.
```

> Currently, we try to review pull requests at the following times:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we aim to review pull requests at the following times:
```

- Wednesday mornings
- Thursday mornings
- Thursday afternoons
- Friday mornings
  

> All times are in Central European (Summer) Time and are meant for orientation, but because of illness or holidays can't be guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All times are in Central European (Summer) Time and are meant for orientation. Note that we may sometimes not be able to perform reviews in these time slots due to illness, holidays, etc.
```
